docs/source/index.rst, before:

.. Google Genomics documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Apr 30 15:58:16 2014.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Google Genomics Cookbook
========================

Welcome to the Google Genomics Cookbook on Read the Docs. 

  +--------------------------------------------------------------------+
  | The Google Genomics Cookbook on Read the Docs is not actively      |
  | maintained. For the most up to date documentation, view the        |
  | official Google Genomics documentation at                          |
  | `cloud.google.com/genomics`_. There you will find information such |
  | as `What is Google Genomics`_, `Google Genomics fundamentals`_,    |
  | and details of the `Google Genomics API`_.                         |
  |                                                                    |
  | Also note that much of the Genomics v1 API surface has been        |
  | superseded by Variant Transforms and htsget. See the `deprecation  |
  | notice <https://cloud.google.com/genomics/deprecation>`_ for more  |
  | information.                                                       |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------------+

Here on Read the Docs, you will find documentation and tutorials for 
common tasks including moving, transforming, and analyzing genomic data.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   sections/select_genomic_data
   sections/process_data
   sections/access_data
   sections/analyze_data
   sections/learn_more

Commit message:

add deprecation notice to remaining pages

docs/source/index.rst, after:

.. Google Genomics documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Apr 30 15:58:16 2014.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Google Genomics Cookbook
========================

Welcome to the Google Genomics Cookbook on Read the Docs. 

+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Note: Google Genomics is now Cloud Life Sciences.                                                            |
| The Google Genomics Cookbook on Read the Docs is not actively                                                |
| maintained and may contain incorrect or outdated information.                                                |
| The cookbook is only available for historical reference. For                                                 |
| the most up to date documentation, view the official Cloud                                                   |
| Life Sciences documentation at https://cloud.google.com/life-sciences.                                       |
|                                                                                                              |
| Also note that much of the Genomics v1 API surface has been                                                  |
| superseded by `Variant Transforms <https://cloud.google.com/life-sciences/docs/how-tos/variant-transforms>`_ |
| and `htsget <https://cloud.google.com/life-sciences/docs/how-tos/reading-data-htsget>`_.                     |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Here on Read the Docs, you will find documentation and tutorials for 
common tasks including moving, transforming, and analyzing genomic data.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   sections/select_genomic_data
   sections/process_data
   sections/access_data
   sections/analyze_data
   sections/learn_more
